docs: add docs for lazy barrel (#11274)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/config/experiments.mdx

  },
};
```

## experiments.lazyBarrel

<ApiMeta addedVersion="1.5.0" />

- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`

Whether to skip building unused re-export modules in side-effect-free barrel files to optimize build performance.

> A module is considered side-effect-free when it is marked with [`"sideEffects": false` in package.json or flagged by module.rule.sideEffects](/config/optimization#optimizationsideeffects).

Reviewer: If a package is not configured with "sideEffects": false, will Rspack analyze its sideEffects?

Author: Will analyze but not available for lazyBarrel, see https://github.com/web-infra-dev/rspack/discussions/11273#:~:text=Why%20depend%20on%20%22sideEffects%22%3A%20false%20in%20package.json%2C%20can%20Rspack%20automatically%20analyze%20a%20module%20is%20side%20effects%20free%20or%20not%3F

Reviewer: A FAQ would be helpful👍

  },
};
```

## experiments.lazyBarrel

<ApiMeta addedVersion="1.5.0" />

- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`

Whether to skip building unused re-export modules in side-effect-free barrel files to optimize build performance.

> A module is considered side-effect-free when it is marked with [`"sideEffects": false` in package.json or flagged by module.rule.sideEffects](/config/optimization#optimizationsideeffects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A side-effect-free module is a module that meets one of the following conditions:

- The `package.json` file of its package declares `"sideEffects": false`, see [Side effects analysis](/guide/optimization/tree-shaking#side-effects-analysis)
- Modules explicitly marked as `false` through the [module.rule.sideEffects](/config/optimization#optimizationsideeffects) option
```
